docs: release action (#1357)
NASA-IMPACT/veda-ui: docs/development/RELEASE.md

# VEDA UI Release process

## Overview

> VEDA UI uses Git tags for its releases (as of Jan 2025). While releases can be manually created, the VEDA UI team recommends using the automated process facilitated by GitHub Actions. This process includes instance builds triggered by the release workflow and supports targeting specific branches when necessary. By default, the release version number is determined based on the commit message following the Conventional Commit standard.

Reviewer: Just to clarify, has the manual release process we had from before changed in any way other than the requirement to use Conventional Commits?

Author: To answer the question - I do think it has changed. ex. We tried to QA before the release, but now we do it after elease. But to clarify, the manual release here means that you can tag, and push the button on the release tab. I will clarify the words.

## Release Workflow

### What is included in the automated release process

The automated process handles

- Deciding the version number based on commit history
- Creating Git tag using the version number
- Creating a commit bumping the version number up in `package.json`
- Creating GitHub Release
- Creating VEDA instance preview using VEDA UI version

### GitHub Action Integration

#### Trigger Through UI

> If you are a contributor, you can trigger an action through the Actions tab. Navigate to Actions, select the release action Release every other Monday, and click the Run workflow button to initiate a release. Select the branch only if you need to make a hotfix patch release. Keep in mind that your commit message should follow the Conventional Commit format when releasing a hotfix, as the action only recognizes commits made to the production branch.

Reviewer: Minor wording suggestion:

```suggestion
If you are a contributor, you can trigger a release action through the Actions tab. Navigate to Actions, select the release action Release every other Monday (with the default branch set to `main`), and click the Run workflow button to initiate a release. Select a different branch if you need to make a hotfix patch release. Keep in mind that your commit message should follow the Conventional Commit format when releasing a hotfix, as the action only recognizes commits made to the production branch (`main`).
```
